So let's start building our next section.
So we're here I'm going to say this is going to be a comment and we're going to say this is going to
be progress and progress bar section progress bars section more here.
So grab the line.
Embrace this and let's right away right.
And of progress bar section then after not what we would want is actual section.
So going going write on your section and then we're going to say or your ID and what would be in 90
we're going to say this is going to be a progress bar progress or here.
Now when we have a progress bar section then the next thing that we would want is actual progress center.
So we're going to say we're here we're going to say this is going to be a day of progress Research Center.
And once we have this you want the actual item in order here the way we're going to do that.
I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be a day of with a progress item class like this.
Then within days of we're going to have another one with a progress text progress and this is going
to be text within this progress that we're going to have a two heading twos or here the first one is
going to say HVM now we're here and the second one is actually going to be percentage.
So here I'm just going to copy this line and on here we're going to say this is going to be 35 percent
or you know like this and then still in the progress item but not in progress.
Next we're going to have ID of the bar or Here one.
So basically progress bar one because we have four of them so that's why we're setting a unique ID or
here.
All right.
And nothing is showing right now because we haven't the javascript.
Now what I would want to order here within the progress center here I'm going to have a for items like
this.
I'm going to grab this one two and three and here again we can just select the whole thing apply a beautify
or here just so it's easier for us to work.
All right so now they're all in one line and all here and this is going to be C Ss.
This is going to be 70 percent you this and then the next one is going to be a javascript and it's going
to be 60 script and let's say this guy's going to be 60.
And then after that we're going to have a different Jawa.
Right.
So this is going to be Johore and this is let's say Haiti.
Now what I want to do here is progress bar.
And we're going to change already.
This is for us history and this is going to be number two.
Right.
So we say this now we're going to go actually and style them and then we're going to look at how we
can work with them to how we can i javascript's how we can actually see what's happening.
So here we're going to say main success we're going to hear what we're going to do is this is going
to be hashtags.
So we're going to say that this is going to be progress bars progress bars and much of hashtags on here.
And we're going to open this one I'm going to say hash tag progress and we're going to say bars or here
what I would want to say is first.
This is going to be padding hundred pixels and it's all around for D.S. there's going to be hundred
pixels and zero.
And so it's only going to be top and bottom then after that I would want a background since the background
we already have done right.
I just want to find where is our short cut right.
Because I don't want to write all of them right and it's right over here because what we need to do
is actually just change the image and the image is going to be my case.
This is going to be filler one so I'm going to say on here that this is going to be Baghran filler one.
And so let's go back over here and let's change the actual image.
So here we're going to see images slash background here filler and will say one here like this.
So let's see what we need to change or here.
In my case you see it's not J bag.
It's GBG.
All right so that's one of the things that can always happen with them and just make sure their extensions
actually match right of what you have or hear in images.
Then after that what we would want is a progress item progress.
And here I am more here and I'm going to say on here margin is going to be 20 pixels wide so we're just
going to set some margins in between in between them so they're not actually stacked on top of each
other.
Then over here we're going to work with this progress center progress and we're going to say somewhere
on this I don't want to say Max with is going to be 70 percent 70 percent and then we're going to have
a margin zero nada.
All right so we're going to still place them in the center.
And then after that we'll have a progress text.
So here now to start dealing with this section.
All right.
And I know it's kind of hard to see right but these programs are going to be all right because I want
to finish with whatever we are doing and then I want to deal with the progress.
So here I'm going to say progress we're all going to set text right here display and say flex I read
so I can see that.
First of all line them up here that I have justified content space between right so I push them as far
as I can from each other then we're them to change color and the color is going to be hashtags 0 0.
And then we're going to have seven in one right.
This is going to be the blue color and text transform uppercase so text transform and we're going to
say operators really like this.
And then we have actually two classes here again and we have actually from the progress bars.
Jay query why.
Right.
So we're going to say this for now I'm going to go back and again if we go to same website right Jake
where you are.
We really go to demos and we find where is the actual progress bar.
Right so we're going to look here and this is the accordion.
Right.
So I can see over here but I just want to show you where you can find it all here right.
And on here this is progress bar.
If we click here right.
Again we have simple examples and then get more and more interesting.
Right.
But then right away where we can do as a quick source note here you can see from this source again whatever
we needed to include and on here how simple is this.
Right.
So we have progress more.
This would be the ID right.
In this case if it's progress bar Id these are going to match.
And one would need to do is just copy and paste this right.
Again we can write it ourselves or we could just get right away code.
So then I'd say in some cases we don't mess it up right.
But obviously in most cases we would write ourselves.
So here we have a script J.S. and it sort of this was a Korean Right.
And we wanted to make sure that this one ends up here.
What I'm going to do here I'm going right can't comment progress rebars.
Right.
And then I'm going to copy and paste this.
And over here if we have you read our values we're going to be different because first of all we have
a different idea.
Right.
So if we're going to go back over here and if we have ID P bar no here one right and the value we're
actually going to set it to let's just keep it at 37.
So I'll say this.
Now here you can see the moment I have it right now I have my progress bar.
So the only thing left for me to do is I actually have four of them right.
So one two three.
Right.
And again on here you can try maybe to unify works right.
Sure it does.
You are going to change too.
This is going to be three.
And this is going to be for now over here.
The values we need to change this one was 70.
I'm sorry this one was 37 this one was a..
Then this game was 60 and this one over here was 80 right.
So he said this and now I have four programs Barsel here.
Right.
And now again let's go back over here and maybe Let's open it in a Google tools.
All right.
So let's do next again.
And I was going to scroll it down and this is going to be our progress merge and if we go back over
here and say inspect and like this again it's the same thing.
Right.
So what we're going to have is a classes right.
And the class is actually that we need style.
Right so it's not just going to be some class that we came up with right.
We have a UI.
We just had her here.
And then we have a contest.
All right.
So you why widget contest.
So here let's go back to our main assess and let's start dialing in because we already did the javascript
part.
So we can close scrimmaging Yes and main theosis.
I'm just showing you where I'm getting the classes so it doesn't look like I'm just taking them out
of thin air.
Right.
So I'm going to say that you you're high.
We did it and we're going to say content more like this.
All right you can see that right away in brackets gives us a border all around.
Right.
And not going to say right now I'm going to say 20 pixels more.
And again nothing happens.
And when we already know what we need to do we need explanation mark.
All right.
Important.
You can see what happens.
Right now we're actually controlling it.
Then we're going to set a different background so background is going to be let's say hash tag five
three or five.
All right.
So this is going to be in the background here.
And again we need to do the same thing right.
So important right now I can see how it changed.
Then we have a border and the border is going to be three pixels solid no hash tag it's going to be
0 0 and a 7 1 7 1.
And again we're going to have important here like this.
All right so now we have the border.
Then after that what you want is the widget.
And so the other class I'm going to say UI widget widget here and we're going to say had her hand her
or her.
And for that know we're going to have a background on our radio.
And I have a hashtag FFC nine one 4 and again nothing happens which is important.
Right now we have over here our progress.
Right.
So you can see that how slowly when we're building and we're not using a bootstrap right we're not using
any kind of preset classes can actually with the help of CSSA fluxbox and see just as great and in some
cases Jake the plug ins or Shakeri why we can actually achieve everything that actually bootstrap is
offering.
Now let's go on and let's build the next section.